{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2867
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Hi!\
Here\'92s a quick guide to power ups explained (so sorry its complicated, I tried to make it easier for y\'92all)\
\
Within the folder you should see a prefab called \'93Powerup Pickup\'94. This is the pickup object; the thing that activates the power-up when you collide with it. It has a component called Power-up collection with two values:\
1) Power-up effect (this takes a scriptable object; it\'92ll be explained later)\
2) Duration (float, how long the effect lasts)\
\
Now that scriptable object; you should see a script called ExamplePowerup2.cs in there. That is an example on how to make a powerup. The way they work is they inherit from a base class called PowerUpEffect. This can be found within \'93Assets/Powerup Scriptable Objects\'94 (it\'92s there to keep power-up stuff in one place). That base class has 3 functions: \
\
1) OnActivate: what the power up does the frame we get it\
2) OnTick: what the power-up does every frame while its active\
3) OnDeactivate: what the power-up does when it runs out\
Those can be overridden in your own power-up classes to do anything you want. \
\
You don\'92t have to worry about keeping track of duration for power-ups; I\'92ve handled all that for you. All you have to do is write code in any of those functions, create a scriptable object for it and drag It onto a Powerup pickup prefab (specifically, the powerup collection component). If you want details on how power up durations are managed, look at ActivePowerupManager.cs at your own peril; it is not required to add your own powerup.\
\
The example powerup 2 script has been commented to help some more \
\
Hope this helps and if you need help just send me a message,\
Luke }